DOCSP-45339 Update Oracle migration prerequisites (#188)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/jobs/prerequisites/oracle.txt

   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> When migrating data from an Oracle source database, the database may require 

Reviewer: [question] Is the subject the oracle database or the mongodb database?

```suggestion
When you migrate data from an Oracle source database, that database may require 
```

Author: Oracle, ty for the catch

> configuration changes. If Relational Migrator determines the 

Reviewer: Perhaps, 

"Relational Migrator automatically checks your database for needed configuration changes and generates a SQL script to implement them."

database needs configuration changes, it automatically generates a 
SQL script with the required changes. Have a Database Administrator (DBA)

> review the script, then have them run the commands on the database server. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
review the script and run the commands on the database server. 
```

- If you're migrating from an Oracle 12c instance, you must run commands as 
  the SYSDBA role.

> - Oracle 12c introduced the concept of a pluggable database. Some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Oracle 12c introduced the concept of a pluggable database (PDB). Some
```

>   of these commands can be run on a PDB (pluggable database), while commands 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 necessary commands can be run on a PDB, while commands 
```

Author: Enabling archive logging is still "necessary," and is the reason you can't use Oracle DB XE for continuous jobs.

>   such as enabling ``ARCHIVELOG`` must be run on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  like enabling ``ARCHIVELOG`` must be run on the
```

>   CDB (container/master database). For details on each architecture, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  container/master database (CDB). For details on each architecture, 
```

  see `Overview of Container Databases and Pluggable Databases
  <https://oracle-base.com/articles/12c/multitenant-overview-container-database-cdb-12cr1>`__.
- Some commands differ based on whether the database is single or
  multi-tenant. In a multi-tenant database, permissions must

>   include the suffix ``CONTAINER=ALL``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  include the suffix ``CONTAINER=ALL``.
```

> - Oracle Express editions don't support logging the necessary information for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Oracle Database Express Edition (XE) doesn't support logging the necessary information for
```
But perhaps, 
"You can't run a continuous migration against an Oracle Database Express Edition (XE) because XE doesn't support the necessary logs for continuous migration jobs."

                  GRANT SELECT ON V$ARCHIVED_LOG TO <user>;
                  GRANT SELECT ON V$ARCHIVE_DEST_STATUS TO <user>;
                  GRANT SELECT ON V$TRANSACTION TO <user>;
                  GRANT SELECT ON V_$MYSTAT TO <user>;
                  GRANT SELECT ON V_$STATNAME TO <user>; 

         .. step:: Turn on archive logging
            

>             a. To check if archive logging is already enabled, run the following query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            a. To see if archive logging is already enabled, run the following query:
```

               .. code-block:: sql
                  :copyable: true

                  SELECT LOG_MODE FROM V$DATABASE;

               This outputs ``ARCHIVELOG`` if logging is enabled, or
               ``NOARCHIVELOG`` if it isn't.
            

>             #. Enable archive logging if it isn't already enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            #. If archive logging isn't already enabled,  enable it. 
```

>                The following is an example of the code Relational Migrator

Reviewer: [question] How is the code generated? Where do I find it?

```suggestion
               Relational Migrator can automatically generate code to enable logging. 
```

Author: @marian-derias when does it generate this? I set up a test migration project on RM, but I'm guessing the Oracle test DB is already correctly configured, so I didn't see any generated code anywhere.

Reviewer 2: Yes it doesn't get generated if the DB seems to be configured correctly, exactly. You can get that generated code if we detect that the database isn't correctly configured before you start the migration OR if the migration fails and it seems to be because the database isn't configured correctly. You'll get some button that says "Generate script" that lets you download a script with SQL or RDS commands. 

These are just recommendations of course and may not be exhaustive enough to correctly configure the database without DBA assistance.

>                generates for enabling logging, which you can run manually by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               The following code is an example. You can run it manually if you
```

>                substituting your database name. If you're migrating a

Reviewer: [suggestion] It's not clear where the substitution should go in the example.

```suggestion
               substitute your database name. If you're migrating a
```

Reviewer 2: Agree with Ashley here, where should the database name be substituted? My understanding is that they wouldn't need to substitute any values for this step?

Author: Updated to remove that. I thought it referred to the db_recovery_file_dest path but that looks like a default.

               multi-tenant database, run these commands on the
               container/master database.

               .. code-block:: sql
                  :copyable: true

                  ALTER SYSTEM SET db_recovery_file_dest_size = 10G;
                  ALTER SYSTEM SET db_recovery_file_dest = '/opt/oracle/oradata/recovery_area' scope=spfile;
                  SHUTDOWN IMMEDIATE;
                  STARTUP MOUNT
                  ALTER DATABASE ARCHIVELOG;
                  ALTER DATABASE OPEN;
    
         .. step:: Enable supplemental logging

>             a. To run continuous migration jobs against Oracle, enable 

Reviewer: [question] Isn't that what we're doing in this procedure?

```suggestion
            a. Enable 
```

Author: Good point, ty for the cleanup.

>                supplemental logging:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               supplemental logging in your database:
```

Reviewer: [suggestion] Step b, perhaps:

"Then, enable supplemental logging for every table in the migration:"
